Is there anyone who can do that?
No, I can't.
Is there anyone who can do it?
There is.
You imitate Akindo, the one who is playing the flute.
I can do anything.
Let me try.
There is a similar tone in that.
What do you think?
It's not interesting.
Can you do it?
No morning, no evening, no human life.
You can sing.
I can't.
Can you sing a bit more?
Really?
Come on.
Your voice is too loud.
Can you sing more powerful?
More powerful.
What do you think?
Can you sing a bit more powerful?
A bit more powerful.
What do you think?
I can't.
Can you sing more powerful?
Wait a minute.
What?
You can sing the same tone as Takasago-ya.
Can you sing it?
It's similar.
Try it.
Takasago-ya is better to sing with tofu.
You can't sing like beef.
You can't sing only with tofu.
You can't sing Takasago-ya like that.
You can't.
Is there a song called Takafui?
Takafui
You can sing Takafui like that.
Thanks.
I'm off.
I'm heading to the station.
We have to prepare for the train.
Thank you for your hard work.
I'm afraid of the train.
Don't worry.
Yes.
No, I'll do it again.
I'll wait for you.
I'll do it again.
What?
I'll do it again?
I'll do it again.
What are you saying?
I'm sorry, but please go to the
Inkyo and ask him.
Inkyo, I was worried about you.
What's wrong with you?
I don't know what it is, but I'm afraid I'm
going to do it.
I'm afraid I'm going to do it.
I'm going to raise it like this and lower it.
The corner of the place is small, but
I don't know what to do.
Don't worry.
Your opponent is you.
I'm going to open it now and go home.
Thank you for watching.